So, Phil recruited me to sell these cards, and now I am recruiting you.
Who is this guy again?
Don't worry about Phil.
He drives a Corvette.
He's doing just fine.
Okay.
Calling cards are the wave of the future.
These things sell themselves.
Who uses calling cards anyway?
You know what?
That's a nice attitude, Ryan.
I'm just helping you invest in your future, my friend.
It sounds like a get-rich-quick scheme.
Yes!
Thank you!
You will get rich quick.
We all will!
Didn't you lose a lot of money on that other investment?
That one from the email?
You know what, Toby?
When the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly asking for help, you help.
His father ran the freaking country, okay?
Alright, so raise your hand if you wanna get rich.
Alright.
No, um, how is this not a pyramid scheme?
Alright, let me explain.
Again.
Phil has recruited me and another guy.
We are getting three people each.
The more people that get involved, the more people who are investing, the more money we're all gonna make.
It's not a pyramid scheme.
It is a, it's not even a scheme per se, it's...